https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-26175 Add AAP prereqs (#8502)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: governance/ansible_grc.adoc

* You must have {aap-short} version 3.7.3 or a later version installed. It is best practice to install the latest supported version of {aap-short}. See link:https://docs.ansible.com/ansible-tower/[Red Hat {aap-short} documentation] for more details.

> * Install the {aap-short} Resource Operator from the Operator Lifecycle Manager. In the _Update Channel_ section, select `stable-2.x-cluster-scoped`. Select the *All namespaces on the cluster (default)* installation mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Install the {aap-short} Resource Operator from the {olm}. In the _Update Channel_ section, select `stable-2.x-cluster-scoped`. Select the *All namespaces on the cluster (default)* installation mode.
```
